README.md, before:

# ci-jenkins-with-docker

A Jenkins base image with docker-in-docker enabled and docker-compose, go and nodejs embedded.

**NOTE:**  You can edit the `docker-compose.yml` file to install docker-compose, go and nodejs version that fit to your needs.

# Install

The only requirement is:

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/)


## Setup your host

```bash
# setup your project name
$ export PROJECT_NAME="dummy"
# setup the desired path to jenkins_home
$ export JENKINS_HOME=/path/to/desired/jenkins_home
$ sudo mkdir -p $JENKINS_HOME/{workspace,builds,jobs}
$ sudo chown -R 1000 $JENKINS_HOME
$ sudo chmod -R a+rwx $JENKINS_HOME
```

## Setup your project

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/TommyStarK/ci-jenkins-with-docker.git
$ mv ci-jenkins-with-docker $PROJECT_NAME
$ cd $PROJECT_NAME
```

## Run the container

```bash
$ docker-compose up --build --detach
```

## Complete the installation

- Connect to the running container as root:

```bash
$ docker exec -ti -u root "${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins" bash
```

- Now we are inside the container, run the following commands:

```bash
# change ownership of docker socket to jenkins user
$ chown jenkins /var/run/docker.sock

# exit
$ exit
```

- Test docker:

```bash
$ docker exec -ti "${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins" bash

# This command should display all docker containers
$ docker ps -a
```

## Retrieve your ssh keys generated for your jenkins

```bash
$ docker exec -ti -u root "${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins" bash
$ cat /root/.ssh/*
$ exit
```

## Logs

```bash
$ docker logs -f `docker ps -aqf "name=${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins"`
```

# Uninstall

```bash
$ docker stop "${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins"
$ docker rm "${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins"
$ docker rmi "${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins"
$ docker volume rm "${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins_workspace"
$ docker network rm "${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins_network"
$ sudo rm -rf $JENKINS_HOME
```

Commit message:

Add nginx dockerfile + compose + template + readme

README.md, after:

# ci-jenkins-with-docker

A Jenkins base image with docker-in-docker enabled and docker-compose, go and nodejs embedded.  
`nginx` repository provide simple nginx configuration to enable SSL in front of your Jenkins server.  

**NOTE:**  You can edit the `docker-compose.yml` file to install docker-compose, go and nodejs version that fit to your needs.

# Install

The only requirement is:

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/)


## Setup your host

```bash
# setup your project name
$ export PROJECT_NAME="dummy"
# setup the desired path to jenkins_home
$ export JENKINS_HOME=/path/to/desired/jenkins_home
$ sudo mkdir -p $JENKINS_HOME/{workspace,builds,jobs}
$ sudo chown -R 1000 $JENKINS_HOME
$ sudo chmod -R a+rwx $JENKINS_HOME
```

## Setup your project

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/TommyStarK/ci-jenkins-with-docker.git
$ mv ci-jenkins-with-docker $PROJECT_NAME
$ cd $PROJECT_NAME
```

## Run the container

```bash
$ docker-compose up --build --detach
```

## Complete the installation

- Connect to the running container as root:

```bash
$ docker exec -ti -u root "${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins" bash
```

- Now we are inside the container, run the following commands:

```bash
# change ownership of docker socket to jenkins user
$ chown jenkins /var/run/docker.sock

# exit
$ exit
```

- Test docker:

```bash
$ docker exec -ti "${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins" bash

# This command should display all docker containers
$ docker ps -a
```

## Retrieve your ssh keys generated for your jenkins

```bash
$ docker exec -ti -u root "${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins" bash
$ cat /root/.ssh/*
$ exit
```

## Logs

```bash
$ docker logs -f `docker ps -aqf "name=${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins"`
```

# Uninstall

```bash
$ docker stop "${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins"
$ docker rm "${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins"
$ docker rmi "${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins"
$ docker volume rm "${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins_workspace"
$ docker network rm "${PROJECT_NAME}_jenkins_network"
$ sudo rm -rf $JENKINS_HOME
```
